Sudhir method: thumbs on joysticks, pointer finger for bumper and trigger, middle and index for back paddle , (no pinky)

How to do??? 
    How to do pyramid L1 (on both sides)?
    How to Barge Score once holding algea? (any L4)?
    what key picks up in horizontal L1 if right trigger holds the coral in hotdog?
    How to score Processor?
    How do you manualy eject (coral and algea)?
    How do you ground pick up algea if right trigger is coral pickup and left trigger is reef algea pickup?
    
    Is hotdog/straight l1 just the normal coral pickup and presing lower back paddle? (does it auto align or is it completely manual?)
    is there a manual horizontal L1 if lower backpaddle is horizontal auto-align L1?
    I know left stick press changes the auto align method, but does right stick presss do something?
    Is angle-based the default auto align method coming out of auto?
    Is there a pick up from station keybind in teleop?
    What is the combo for scoring a coral on the level and (without going down) picking up the algea of the reef there? (Is it level score and then jam left trigger?)
    Do the 2 buttons in the middle of the controller do anything?
        


Joysticks:
    left joystick: field-oriented x-y 
    
    right joystick: robot oriented turning

    press left joystick for change in auto align to either angle or pose ( don't know what default is, can't remember, look at leds)

    press right: ???


Bumpers: 
    Left bumper: left L4

    Right bumper: right L4


Triggers:
    Left Trigger: left l3  when holding coral, algea pick up from reef when not holding ocral

    Right Trigger: right l3 when holding coral, ground pick up when not holding coral


TOP Back paddle:
    left paddle: left l2

    right paddle: right l2

BOTTOM back paddle:
    left paddle: left l1

    right paddle: right l1



Specific Actions how to:

    Left_L1

    Right_L1

    




-------------------------------------

LED meanings:
    

Drive Coaching:
 
    in 2025 not much is said by drive coach for pickup, depends on game for degense, strat handles the plan and driver executes.


Tips and tricks: 

    Rotation auto is rapid long travel, pose is for quick repeatable 

    hold button 

    don't lower intake ontop of game piece like thor

    you have to kind of launch the algea into barge
